Andrew Glaze
PHYS 50733
Homework 1

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This folder contains all relevant files related to the submission of Homework 1.
The files contained in this folder are as follows:

Glaze_Homework1.ipynb:
- This is the file containing all of my work up until the peer review session on
    2/15. It contains progress for problems 1-3. For the purpose of transparency
    and continuity, I will not be deleting it, but future homework submissions 
    will not include a similar file. Problem 3 is incomplete but the entire 
    notebook can be run in its entirety without error.

Glaze_H1_P1.ipynb:
- This file contains the solution to problem 1, relating to the semi-empirical 
    mass formula. A similar naming scheme is used for problems 2 and 3. This 
    notebook can be run and relevant outputs for problem 1 will be generated. 

Glaze_H1_P2.ipynb:
- This file contains the python coding solution to problem 2, regarding the 
    quadratic formula. A pdf copy of the TeX file providing the derivation for
    part b is also included in the folder.

Glaze_H1_P3.ipynb:
- This file contains the solution to problem 3, on the orbits of the six inner-
    most planets in the solar system. The output animation is generated by 
    compiling numbered frames. These frames are generated by saving scatter 
    plots of the planets. The frames are saved in the Images folder and the 
    output animation is saved as a gif in the same directory as this notebook.

Glaze_H1_P2_derivation.pdf:
- LaTeX output pdf explaining problem 2 part b and c.

SolarSystemAnimation.gif:
- gif generated for Problem 3.

Images folder:
- contains numbered "frames" for the SolarSystemAnimation.gif. These frames
    will be populated by running Glaze_H1_P3.ipynb, so I will be emptying this
    folder before submitting.

Contributions of other students:

During my time working on this assignment, I worked with April Horton. We 
    discussed ideas on problem solving and methods, but no code was exchanged
    or shared. Although I believe that all ideas presented as solutions here
    are my own, I think it's important to disclose the possibility of outside
    influence.
For the in-class peer review session, April looked at my code and provided
    appropriate feedback as per the assignment. I reviewed Iver's code. This 
    opportunity provided me with the chance to look at another student's code,
    but as none of the problems were completed or using a different approach,
    I took no inspiration from Iver's code.
    
The instructions for this part of the assignment seemed fairly vague, so I did
my best here. I look forward to hearing your feedback for this.